Feature: Add js-client step by step guide (#14)
aragon/osx-plugin-template-hardhat: packages/js-client/EXAMPLE.md

> # Example of plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Plugin Example
```

This file aims to provide an example of how to build a `js-client` following the guide in the [GUIDE.md](./GUIDE.md).

For this example we are going to build a `js-client` for the template plugin in this repository.

> ## Initialize the project

Reviewer: https://capitalizemytitle.com/ is a helpful tool.

> The fist step would be initializing a `npm` project. You can use the following commands to do so ot any other tool you prefer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fist step is to initialize a `npm` project. You can use the following commands:
```

NPM:

```bash
mkdir js-client-example
cd js-client-example
npm init -y
```

Yarn:

```bash
mkdir js-client-example
cd js-client-example
yarn init -y
```

> Now we need to install the common tooling for `js-client` development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we need to install the common tooling for `js-client` development.
```

NPM:

```bash
npm install `@aragon/sdk-client-common`

### Optional
npm install `@aragon/sdk-common`
```

Yarn:

```bash
yarn add `@aragon/sdk-client-common`

### Optional
yarn add `@aragon/sdk-common`
```

> Now create a `src` folder and a `index.ts` file inside it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, create a `src` folder and a `index.ts` file inside it.
```

```bash
mkdir src
touch src/index.ts
```

> The index file will be the entry point of our `js-client` and will export everything in the non internal folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The index file will be the entry point of our `js-client` and will export everything in the non-internal folders.
```
